- [Instructor] To further explore Twilio and feign,
we're going to send ourselves a phone call
using the voice API.
Now, one important thing to note about Twilio's API
is that it doesn't use json.
It's going to use form data
to send things like phone numbers or the strings
for a text message.
To support that in Feign,
I've had to add another artifact into our palm dot XML file.
So here you'll see
that I've included the feign form dependency,
which is going to allow us to work with form data in feign.
Now to get started with feign,
we can build a client
within the comm dot LinkedIn dot API dot Twilio package.
So just open up the new dialogue
and we'll create an interface
and we'll name that interface Twilio client.
Inside of this interface, we're going to create a method
that returns void.
We're not going to be interested
in the response we get back from Twilio.
We just want to send the call out.
I'm going to name the method, send voice message.
And then from there, I'm going to go back
to the Twilio documentation and I'm going to scroll down
within this sidebar and click on the call resource.
And then we can just put these side by side
and it will be helpful as we build out the call to Twilio.
Now, the main part of this documentation is found
in the section where we create a call resource.
So, here you can see the full URI for making that call.
Go ahead and copy it.
And then we're going to use that information
to establish our request line with feign.
So it takes a post method and then we're going to specify
that full URI.
Now remember, we only want the path for feign,
so let's go ahead.
We'll take the domain off.
And then I want to draw your attention
to this part of the path.
It is using a template expression.
So we're going to have to provide
that value within the method arguments.
Let's just go ahead and get started on that.
So it's going to be the account SID parameter
that will need to be provided.
And I'm just going to make that a type string
and I'll name it, account SID.
Okay, we're going to be doing this for a number
of other parameters and we can see those
within the documentation.
I'm just going to go ahead and set us up.
Okay, so those parameters include the two parameter
and the from parameter.
So let's add those into our method signature.
The two parameter is going to be the phone number
that you're sending the call to.
And from will be the phone number
that you're sending the call from.
And that must be your Twilio phone number.
All right, the final parameter is going to be known
as twim ML.
And let's take a closer look at this.
This is the Twilio mark-up language.
So what Twilio has done
is they've created a markup language that we can use
to provide instructions for the call we're going to make.
And if we scroll a little bit down in the documentation,
you see an example of this markup language.
So you can see we open it with the response tag.
Then we have the say tag.
Then we actually have the content of the call
and then we close out our tags.
I'm going to go ahead and copy this for later.
And we'll just go ahead and set up our string to be TWI ML.
All right, there's one last thing that we need
to do for our client.
We need to set the client up with a header
that will indicate we're passing form data.
So that's going to be the content type header
because it indicates the mind type of the request body.
And in order to use form data that's application,
X-WWW-form-urlencoded.
All right, so now we're indicating to Twilio
that we would like to apply the content type header
and we have added the form data mime type.
Everything is set with our client.
Now we're going to head over to a unit test
and we're going to use this client
in order to send the call.
Now, a couple of things to point out in this test.
I am dependency injecting the Twilio SID,
the Twilio auth token and the to number.
So that's going to be my phone number.
These values need to be set up as environment variables
and you can find the Twilio SID and your Twilio auth token
within the Twilio console.
You'll remember we saw those when we registered
and then obviously, you know your phone number.
I set up Constance two here.
One is my Twilio phone number.
This is the phone number Twilio assigned to me.
And then the other is the Twilio domain.
All right, let's go ahead and build this call out
with our feign client.
The first thing we're going to do
is take care of authentication.
You'll remember that Twilio uses basic auth
and to help us with that,
feign provides the basic auth request interceptor.
So I'm going to go ahead and declare a variable of that type
and name it interceptor.
And then we'll just use the constructor
that accepts the username, which will be our Twilio SID
and then the password, which will be our Twilio auth token.
Okay, so we have this interceptor.
Let's start to build out our Twilio client and to do that,
we can use the feign class and its builder.
And the first thing we'll do
is register the request interceptor.
So essentially, by adding this interceptor,
every call is going to get our credentials added
to it via basic authentication
and that will satisfy the security scheme for Twilio.
The next thing we'll do is specify the encoder
and we're not going to be using json,
we're going to be using form data.
So I'm going to supply the form encoder
and that will serialize our information
into form data to be placed into the request body.
Then finally, we'll use the target method
to tell feign we would like to create a Twilio client
and the domain for Twilio is there in our constant.
Okay, from here, we just invoke
our send voice message method.
We pass in our Twilio SID.
We already have our two number
and our from number established
and now we need to specify the content
of the call using Twilio markup language.
So I'm going to paste those tags I copied earlier
and then I'm going to replace the content
and say hello from LinkedIn learning.
All right, excellent.
So at this point, we're set up to make the call.
Just right click, then go to run as, J unit test
and that will fire off the test.
Can you hold on a minute?
I'm getting a call, I got to take this.
I'll be right back.
- [Automated Voice Message] You have a trial account.
You can remove this message at any time by upgrading
to a full account.
Press any key to execute your code.
- [Woman] Hello from LinkedIn Learning.